# ARGs-OSP
args-osp.herokuapp.com

Antibiotic-resistant genes (ARGs) have emerged as one of the top global concerns in both medical and environmental fields. Metagenomic analysis in ARG-related studies has revealed that ARGs can be found in many habitats, including medical settings, natural habitats and even in drinking water supplies and permafrost. With the tremendous resources of accessible metagenomic datasets, it would be feasible and beneficial to construct a global profile of antibiotic resistome as a guidance of its phylogenetic and ecological distribution. Such information should be made available to the scientific community and the public to avoid repeated effort in data processing and preventing biases caused by incompatible search methods.

Two dataset collections, the Whole Genome Database (WGD, 54,718 complete and draft bacterial genomes) and the Metagenomic Database (MGD, 854 metagenomic datasets of 7 eco-types), were downloaded and analyzed using ARG online analysis platform (ARGs-OAP v1.0) standard methods. WGD and MGD were evaluated to have a comprehensive coverage of ARGs in bacterial genomes and metagenomes. Additionally, an ARGs online searching platform (ARGs-OSP, http://args-osp.herokuapp.com/) was developed in this study to make the data accessible to other researchers via search and download functionalities. Finally, flexible usage of the ARGs-OSP was demonstrated by evaluating the co-occurrence of class 1 integrases and total ARGs across different environments.

The ARGs-OSP is presented in this study as a valuable source and reference for fu-ture studies with varied research interests related to ARGs to avoiding unnecessary re-computations and redundant analysis.
